       pthread_join(3) to wait for the thread to terminate and fetch its exit status.  Only when a  terminated  join‐
       able thread has been joined are the last of its resources released back to the system.  When a detached thread
       terminates,  its  resources are automatically released back to the system: it is not possible to join with the
       thread in order to obtain its exit status.  Making a thread detached  is  useful  for  some  types  of  daemon
       threads whose exit status the application does not need to care about.  By default, a new thread is created in
       a  joinable state, unless attr was set to create the thread in a detached state (using pthread_attr_setdetach‐
       state(3)).

       Under the NPTL threading implementation, if the RLIMIT_STACK soft resource  limit  at  the  time  the  program
       started has any value other than "unlimited", then it determines the default stack size of new threads.  Using
       pthread_attr_setstacksize(3), the stack size attribute can be explicitly set in the attr argument used to cre‐
       ate  a  thread, in order to obtain a stack size other than the default.  If the RLIMIT_STACK resource limit is
       set to "unlimited", a per-architecture value is used for the stack size: 2 MB on most architectures; 4  MB  on
       POWER and Sparc-64.

BUGS
       In  the  obsolete  LinuxThreads  implementation,  each of the threads in a process has a different process ID.
       This is in violation of the POSIX threads specification, and is the source of many  other  nonconformances  to
       the standard; see pthreads(7).

EXAMPLES
       The  program  below  demonstrates  the  use of pthread_create(), as well as a number of other functions in the
       pthreads API.

       In the following run, on a system providing the NPTL threading implementation, the stack size defaults to  the
       value given by the "stack size" resource limit:

           $ ulimit -s
           8192            # The stack size limit is 8 MB (0x800000 bytes)
 Manual page pthread_create(3) line 90/270 59% (press h for help or q to quit)